c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\fmwtask.exe.config
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\fmwtask.exe
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\fmwtask.pdb
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\fmwtask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\fmwtask_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\fmwtask.g.resources
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\fmwtask.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\fmwtask.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\fmwtask.exe
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\fmwtask.pdb
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\bin\Debug\DbStuff\GunsDB.db
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\fmwtask_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\Views\App.g.cs
c:\users\михаил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fmwtask\fmwtask\obj\Debug\Views\App.baml
